cloud: remove managing dedicated clusters (#20594)
pingcap/docs: mysql-compatibility.md

<CustomContent platform="tidb-cloud">

> TiDB is highly compatible with the MySQL protocol and the common features and syntax of MySQL 5.7 and MySQL 8.0. The ecosystem tools for MySQL (PHPMyAdmin, Navicat, MySQL Workbench, DBeaver and [more](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/dev-guide-third-party-support/#gui)) and the MySQL client can be used for TiDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB is highly compatible with the MySQL protocol and the common features and syntax of MySQL 5.7 and MySQL 8.0. The ecosystem tools for MySQL (PHPMyAdmin, Navicat, MySQL Workbench, DBeaver and [more](/develop/dev-guide-third-party-support.md#gui)) and the MySQL client can be used for TiDB.
```
